God is shameless
Dare to say anything big
100 billion orders
Just your mother
The Shen Group did speak to me on the phone
Said to cooperate with me
How did you know about that order?
It was the Shen family who knelt and begged me to accept it
High is really high
Your acting
It would be a pity not to win the Oscar
Didn't you hear what you just said?
I beg your pardon.
I said that order.
It was the Shen family who knelt and begged me to accept it
This is the funniest laugh I've ever heard in my life
Sister Xi Wen
I finally understand why you are in Gauga
Eat for free for three years
I'll say it again.
That hundred billion order
It's the future of the old man
Ouch, it turned out to be Ke Shao's big deal.
I told you
In Yuncheng, only Ke Shao's strength
Can cooperate with the Shen family
Not like some people.
Just bragging and lying
Xu Wenjie
I tell you this yam
You have to be self-aware.
Be careful of bragging
Ke Shao, please take a seat
Don't bother with this trash
Xuan Jie, don't you hurry up and get out
Don't stay here. Dirty Whistle's eyes
Dogs look down on people
Chen Tingting immediately sent someone to pick me up
I limit you to pour within 3 minutes